♪ MTV ♪
[screams]
[Mullins]
A congresswoman was kidnapped
on American soil.
[Hollar]
No Mexican criminal organization
is gonna do something
this reckless
without pressure
from an outside force.
- It's China.
- [Kyle] Congresswoman?
[Kyle]
The Los Tigres cartel has
the closest ties to the Chinese.
[Meade] Leader of Los Tigres
has a niece.
[Joe]
Captain Carrillo.
How well do you know your uncle?
What do you know about
the Lioness program?
What do you want me to do?
I'm supposed to look at people
I love in the eye,
blow their whole world apart.
- They know, Daddy.
- Who's they?
Your brother is the leader
of Los Tigres.
A foreign operative
planned a kidnapping.
- We want him.
- [Gutierrez] Whatever it is
you think you're doing,
Beijing knows.
The cartel knows.
Bomber wasn't there for us.
He was there to keep us
from an asset.
[Westfield]
Suicide bomber along the border
was most likely Iranian.
A number of the individuals
with him were Chinese.
We need to show Iran and China
that we aren't the only nation
with an open border.
♪ dramatic, haunting music ♪
***
♪ tense, pulsing music ♪
[herd bleating]
[man shouting]
[bleating continues]
***
[Cody] Night one,
this is Sword three-one.
Helicopter is
inbound to location.
Bearing southeast.
I have visual on target one
and target two, over.
[Night One]
Roger, Sword three-one.
Keep eyes on location
and advise any movement.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
***
It's like déjà vu
all over again.
- Yeah.
- We've got eyes on target.
They still in Turkey?
Just inside the border of Iran.
Dalampar.
What are their capabilities
in Dalampar?
Getting them now.
It's about to pop off soon.
Sooner it starts,
sooner we can go home.
- [sighs]
- How you feeling?
- I'm fine.
- Boss.
- [sighs]
- How you feeling?
I'm jet-lagged, nauseous.
I'd say I have a migraine,
but I've never had a migraine
before, so I guess it's just
a splitting fucking headache.
Well, that's excellent news.
None of those are
symptoms of bleeding out.
Yeah.
***
[Tex]
Roger that.
They want your bird ready
to move, soon as we reach base.
Piece of cake.
We're in your sandbox now.
I don't have a flight crew.
And I need a door gunner.
I got you.
Iran ain't the Taliban.
These fuckers aim
when they shoot.
So do I.
***
Look who's back.
My gear arrive?
It's in the warehouse.
Great, have some food
and coffee.
Send it over,
send some to my office.
If we're sent on a hot exfil,
what's our ride?
It depends on timeline
and location.
We got Little Birds
en route right now.
If they're ready,
they'll provide air support
until we know it's safe
to put you in.
If not, you'll just
take Humvees in.
All right, Tuck...
you got the Stinger.
Tex, you got overwatch.
- Who wants the 240?
- I'll take it, Bobby.
All right. Two Cups?
- Yo!
- Pack the 32.
Is there armor at this outpost?
If you're wondering
where all the shit we left
in Kabul ended up,
look no further.
[sighs]
Great.
Who's got the AT4?
Anybody?
I can't carry everything.
My back is fucked.
Fuck it, fuck it,
I'll take it, I'll take it.
Bobby, I'll take it.
No. You're observe
and advise, boss.
I'm observe and advise,
unless one of my assets
goes down.
Then it's all hands on deck.
G.I. Jane, you want it?
Are you out
of your fucking mind?
I'm clandestine services.
I'm not a fucking operator.
I'm gonna be watching
this shit on my computer,
and if it goes south,
how about I just
scramble some jets?
Fine. I'll fucking take it.
- Give it to me.
- [Bobby] No!
You get the asset.
I got the armor.
[helicopter blades whirring]
Someone's been flying
my helicopter.
This is not your helicopter.
It's the United States Army's
helicopter.
You need a copilot,
two crew chiefs and a gunner.
All I need is a gunner.
Army regulations
exist for a reason, Cap.
And surely you have not
forgotten that in a month.
Submit me your flight plan
and your op plan,
and I'll pick a crew for you.
I don't have a flight plan, sir.
Well, if you don't have the
flight plan, who the fuck does?
Do we have to do this again?
The mission's classified.
One pilot,
one door gunner.
Do you have a rating
as a door gunner?
Nothing to it. Point,
put the target in the crosshairs
and pull the fucking trigger.
Right, 'cause that's
all there is to it.
That's all there ever is to it.
You care to tell me
where to send
the 82nd when she crashes
this fucking thing?
We got everything handled,
Commander.
You just be Johnny-on-the-spot
with that coffee,
would you?
I'll have the 82nd ready, anyway.
♪ slow, tense music ♪
***
Are you up for it?
Yeah. I can do everything
on the bird except fly it.
- Any idea when?
- Soon.
Sitrep in five.
You good?
Oh, yeah,
this is my happy place.
Mm. That makes one of us.
I hate the shit out of 'em.
When we get through this,
you and I should have a talk.
Oh, there's
nothing to talk about.
Talks are not
one of my strengths.
Me, neither.
But after this, you know,
we could just sit down
and not talk.
Okay. It's a date.
Okay, then.
Uh, got to go load
a bunch of rifle mags.
That's oddly arousing.
[chuckles softly]
This outpost is a half klick in
country from the Turkish border.
This dirt road meets pavement
about 20 klicks to the south.
And just north
of that convergence is
the best place to intercept.
There is no high ground
for armor, so we fly
below radar if we can approach
from the west along that canyon.
Now if they do move the targets
by helo, most likely, they will
skirt east of that road
in order to stay
in contact with that radar.
We do believe
it's highly likely, though,
that they do transport
the targets by vehicle
up to Sahand missile base and
then helo them the rest of the
way to Isfahan Nuclear facility.
You have a Republican Guard base
100 klicks to the south.
When you engage, you are two
hours from the world showing up.
Dalampar outpost is
roughly two companies.
You've got 100 combat troops.
The rest is command,
communication and support.
They do have armor.
Satellite has picked up
three M1 Abrams tanks
that were left there
at the airport in Kabul.
Whether they're operational
or Iranian military
have crews capable
of operating them is unclear.
They've got two T-72s.
We're gonna assume that they do
have crews to run those.
Sayyad fast attack vehicle.
It's armed
with 77-millimeter rockets,
guided missiles,
various chain guns.
They've got BMP-2s, a Russian
infantry attack vehicle.
All of these will require
a LAW or a Stinger
to destroy, of course,
except the M1,
which will require Javelin.
They've got
typical truck-bed-mounted .50s,
which you are well-versed
in defending against.
In short, this is a very
well-armed, if not terribly
well-trained outpost.
If we hit here,
you are roughly two miles
from Iraqi border.
Now, I'm not saying
that that border is gonna
dissuade them
if they are in pursuit.
We will send up F-22s
upon mission launch.
Questions, Captain?
Will snipers mark
target vehicles?
The entire convoy is
your target.
Time to site for CAS
if called upon?
[Amber]
Unclear.
Thirty minutes is our goal,
but it's a stretch for them,
which is why we can't
hold in place to engage.
We do not have a refueler
in the region,
so they have to fly in,
drop their load
and then go home.
We do have Delta snipers
in place with eyes on Dalampar,
and they are prepared
to fall back
for overwatch and assist
if assistance is needed.
- Any questions?
- [Joe] What happened
to the two Delta teams?
- En route.
- ETA?
Unclear.
I would sure like to know.
By COB.
[Tucker]
Enemy infantry capabilities.
What do they got,
thermal, NV...?
[Amber] They've got a version
of everything that we've got.
Op name is Sky Hawk.
Command is Night One.
Attack helo is Thunder.
Snipers on-site,
that's Sword three-one.
Your team is Sword three-two.
Delta team inbound,
Sword three-three.
CAS is Eagle One.
Green light is Jezebel.
Good luck, everybody.
All right. Let's get ready.
♪ slow, tense music ♪
***
[insects trilling]
[phone buzzes]
Yeah.
[Meade over phone]
We're outside.
[sighs]
Where is he?
Bedroom.
- We got a plan?
- Yeah, we got a plan.
Want to clue me in on it?
I plan to clue
everyone in on it.
Wake him up. Bring him in.
- He's awake.
- [Westfield] Course he is.
[Tracer] Let's go.
Have a seat.
You look important.
I am.
We've frozen your bank accounts.
Not just the ones in Dallas.
The ones in Nassau,
the ones in Zurich, the ones
under your 22 different
LLCs and trusts
that you've established
in the States,
the trusts you've established
for your children.
All of it.
All $372 million dollars of it.
And we've just started looking.
That's illegal.
I'm not under indictment.
We don't need indictments.
We don't need warrants.
We just need
congressional approval
to act against known
terrorist organizations.
And as of October 22nd,
your organization was
listed as such.
You have no evidence
tying me to...
[Westfield]
We don't need that, either.
All we need is the belief.
Being placed on
a terrorist watch list
suspends your protections
under the Fourth Amendment,
your right to an attorney,
any Miranda protections.
You see, we don't prosecute
criminal cases.
We eliminate threats
to the national security
of the United States of America.
And when your organization
began working with enemies
of the United States
to transport their agents
into our country
to attack that security,
threat is exactly
what you became.
[chuckles]
So, you're here to eliminate me.
We're here to eliminate
the threat.
[Pablo] You could've
done that in Dallas.
You're not the threat.
Your brother's the threat.
He's the one that's fostered
these relationships
that threaten us.
[Westfield]
Every problem has a solution,
and here's ours, Pablo.
We can't control
the relationships
that an organization makes
unless we have
a measure of trust
with the leader
of that organization.
You want our trust?
We want your trust.
What else do you want?
[Westfield] If we have
your trust, that's all we need.
Trust to do what?
Refrain from working
with our enemies.
Inform us when they reach out.
Work to eliminate
their influence
anywhere that you find it.
[Westfield] That trust
would be very valuable to us.
Valuable enough that we would
work tirelessly to protect it.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
♪ tense music ♪
I think I do.
So you can give us that trust?
I can give you that, but...
...what power
do you have here? Hmm?
You can control men in Iraq,
the Middle East,
because you have soldiers there.
Well...
[Pablo]
You have no soldiers here.
We think it's best
if your organization
is run from the States.
Is that possible?
Is that, uh, something
that can be done?
In Mexico, we are free
from prosecution.
[Westfield]
That's not freedom, though.
You aren't free to travel.
Your children aren't, either.
No school is safe,
no restaurant, nothing.
[Meade] Here, you sacrifice
freedom for security.
But it's a prison.
It's a prison of luxury.
It's a prison of your choosing,
but it's...
it is a prison, nonetheless.
What if you could have
the security you have in Mexico
with the freedom you have
in the United States?
What would you say to that?
What about my family?
They get the same.
[Pablo]
All of them?
All but one.
You have his phone?
We'd like to see him tomorrow,
first thing.
My brother equates
trust with money.
I'll give him his
$300 million to start.
How's that?
He'll want more.
[sighs]
More can be arranged.
[chuckles]
Who do I tell him you are?
[Meade]
You know who we are.
I can tell him that?
There can be no trust
with secrets.
Remember that.
[phone clicking]
[line ringing]
[stammers] Hermanito.
Necesitamos hablar.
Sí, todo está bien.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
***
What happened?
We have a developing situation.
Why are we meeting here?
Where's White House staff?
You're White House staff.
I'm Chief of Staff.
Where's the rest of it?
Well, the rest of it
doesn't need to know.
The president
has no knowledge of this?
It's a rapidly
developing situation.
It is in the interest
of the president
that he be shielded
from any fallout.
That is not your decision
to make.
You do not have the authority.
I absolutely do
have the authority.
None of us have the authority.
♪ tense music ♪
There are two Chinese
nuclear scientists en route
to Isfahan Nuclear base
with information or supplies
to enrich and activate
Iran's nuclear capabilities.
Intervening
is the very definition
of the obligation of allegiance.
Now, sit down.
I'm aware of the risks.
You two should note
that I spared you it.
You get to celebrate the win.
The loss is all mine.
What are we looking at?
This is, uh, an Iranian outpost
on the Iraqi border,
where the Turkish military
transported the targets.
Top right screen is the planned
interdiction site.
[Hollar]
Interdiction?
Uh, we're not using a drone?
And what the fuck
is he doing here?
Ground Branch and Delta
have the operation.
[Hollar]
The Army's in on it?
Everyone is in on this but
the fucking commander in chief?
What would he do
with this information?
Call a meeting of the
Armed Services Committee?
Meanwhile, nuclear scientists
are crossing an open border
to further endanger
the security of this nation.
You don't give a shit
about the scientists.
This is about the border.
Well, you're goddamn right.
They don't give a shit
about ours?
This is what we feel
about theirs.
♪ tense music ♪
***
[Cody] Night one,
this is Sword three-one.
Target vics
are leaving location.
Break. Vehicles.
Technicals, two.
Multipurpose, one. APC, one.
Total vehicles, four. Over.
[Night One]
Roger, Sword three-one.
- Move to overwatch at intercept.
- [Cody] Roger, Night one.
Moving now.
♪ dramatic music ♪
***
Thunder, you are Jezebel.
- Jezebel.
Let's go.
Eagle one, this is Night one.
Jezebel.
[Night One] Roger. Jezebel.
We're en route.
ETA to target: 32 minutes.
[exhales]
♪ intense music ♪
***
Two minutes to target.
Roger that!
- Hey.
- Yeah?
Good luck.
Good luck to you.
I look forward to not talking.
I can't fucking wait!
Intersection is... 922 meters.
Wind 0.5 right.
Roger, 922 and five.
Got visual on convoy.
Yeah. I got 'em.
We got our bird.
Two minutes to target.
All right.
Want to share some
of the wealth there, brother?
You know it.
Hey.
Let's go to war.
♪ tense music ♪
***
Serve it up.
- [screams]
- [grunts]
Sword three-one, can you
confirm jackpot on target?
[Cody]
Negative, Night One.
We've got movement.
- We're going back around.
- I'm ready!
[whimpers]
Incoming! Incoming on the right!
[grunts]
We're hit. Strap in.
Hey, that bird got clipped.
Mayday, Mayday! Night one,
Thunder is going down!
[groans]
It's too fast. We're gonna
flare before we hit.
Brace. Brace for impact!
Fuck!
[cries out]
Night one, Thunder's down.
[sighs]
Eagle one, Thunder is down.
ETA for CAS to target.
[Eagle One]
22 mikes to target.
They don't have 22 minutes.
The bird is down!
Here we go.
- Get ready.
- Let's go.
Let's fucking do this shit.
♪ somber music ♪
***
[grunts]
♪ dramatic music ♪
***
I'll need everyone
to step out of the vehicle.
They're here with me.
Still need to search 'em.
Badge don't mean shit to me.
[scoffs]
You contract through a firm
or you independent?
You Executive Outcomes?
I'll ask all the questions, mate.
You're all Australian
and South African,
so I just figured.
This one's good.
Bernard still run it?
You should ask him about me.
Today.
Not a fucking move.
Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're on fucking camera, mate.
There'll be 30 more here
in 20 seconds.
[Westfield]
I'm a senior official
with the State Department
of the United States of America.
Put your fucking guns down.
[phone ringing]
You should answer that.
Yeah.
Le dije que venía acompañado
y no me hizo caso el cabrón.
I told you.
[sighs]
Call your boss.
Tell him Byron said hey.
[engines start]
♪ dramatic music ♪
***
[chuckles]
You want him now?
Very much.
Take it from here?
Guantánamo?
♪ tense music ♪
***
[man]
Cálmale, güey.
Deja que se lo lleven.
[snipping]
***
[jet engines whirring]
[sighs]
[Meade grunts]
Is this it?
I don't have a manifest.
- This is it.
- All right. I'll close us up,
get us on the way.
[retches]
[Westfield coughs, groans]
[sniffles]
[exhales]
I think the longer you're away,
the harder it is to watch.
Harder still to do.
Easy to forget how ugly
this keeping the peace can be.
That's not what makes me sick.
What makes me sick
is how little will change.
[inhales deeply]
[clinking]
♪ low, somber music ♪
***
[panting]
[pants]
Hey.
Can you walk?
[panting]
- [weakly] I don't know.
- Come on.
Try to come my way.
***
- [yells] Fuck! Oh, my leg!
- It's okay.
We'll worry about it
when we get out of here.
Oh, fuck.
[pained grunt]
[panting]
[exhales sharply]
[hisses, groans]
[groans]
Yeah, you ain't walking.
- [groaning]
- [panting]
Fuck.
It's bad.
Not as bad as that.
[vehicles approaching]
[Cody J.] Night one,
enemy vics moving on location.
ETA on that QRF.
Sword three-two, be advised,
enemy vics
en route to crash site.
- Count six.
- More from the south.
Where are they
fucking coming from?
Sword three-two,
you have multiple enemy vics
approaching
from north and south.
Return to base
until CAS is on-site.
They're calling us back.
Enemy vics
approaching north and south.
You want me to turn us around?
I didn't say
we were gonna do it.
- Get us there first.
- Boss,
what are we gonna do?
There's six of us.
ETA on CAS.
[Amber]
19 mikes.
We're gonna make it 19 minutes.
I don't know if I can make it
in 19 minutes.
The job isn't to make it.
The job is to try.
Yes, ma'am.
♪ low, somber music ♪
***
[Cody J. whispers]
QRF.
Yeah, I got 'em.
Sword three-two,
this is Sword three-one.
Be advised,
enemy vics approaching
your ten o'clock.
700 meters and closing.
[Tex]
Three-one, I don't see 'em.
- I don't see 'em.
- Yeah, well,
you're gonna see 'em. They're
coming up on you right now.
[Tex]
Contact left!
Enemy vics ten o'clock!
- Light 'em up, Tuck!
- I got 'em!
[gunfire]
***
Up eight, right four.
Hit it on target.
[gunfire continues]
***
[rumbling]
Bobby, APC!
Move!
***
APCs coming from behind.
What a fucking mess. Get on 'em.
- [gunshot]
- [gunfire in distance]
Doesn't sound like
a fair fight out there.
It's not.
Look at me.
The fight is coming our way.
I need you to be ready.
Boy, they don't put that shit
in the brochure, do they?
- Yeah.
- [breathing heavily]
They do.
It's just way down
at the bottom.
[gasping, grunts]
[panting]
♪ low, tense music ♪
***
[yells, grunts]
[gunfire continues]
[quietly]
Jesus.
They are getting
fucking hammered down there.
Get back on that goose.
- Set.
- Smoke 'em.
[gunfire continues]
- [Bobby] You okay?!
- [Two Cups] Uh...
- That was--
that was a doozy!
Get the fuck out of here!
- Come on!
- [grunting]
[gunfire continues]
[Cody]
Sword three-two,
this is Sword three-one.
Enemy vics are disabled.
Fall back to the crash site now.
We're still getting hammered
over here!
Well, that ain't gonna get
no better.
Fall back to the crash site.
We'll cover you from here.
[gunfire continues]
We move back two by two
to the crash site!
Tucker, get down!
I'll cover from here!
It's a fucking order!
Go!
On my command, pop smoke.
- Tex.
- Ready.
Execute.
***
[indistinct yelling]
[Joe]
Let's go!
[gunfire continues]
- Gunner stayed behind.
- Yeah.
Lot of balls.
Not a lot of think-through.
How many rockets you got left?
- Three.
- [exhales]
Hit 'em with one.
[gunfire]
Sword three-two .50 gunner,
get the fuck out of there.
[gunfire continues]
You want to mark 500?
Yep.
- What do you got?
- Edge of smoke is 500.
All right. Let's get on 'em.
Sword three-two,
move, move, move.
[shouts]
[gunfire continues]
[grunts]
[exhales]
[panting]
Here comes round two.
Yeah.
Hey, Sword three-three,
this is three-one.
ETA to target.
[Sword Three-Three] We are eight
mikes out, Sword three-one.
Hang in there, brother.
[panting]
We got eight minutes in us, yeah?
[chuckles softly]
Piece of cake.
[panting]
Feel that?
Yup.
Feels like armor.
Yeah. Fuck.
Oh, fuck.
[gunfire]
Fuck.
We got to get out of here.
Get the fuck out of here.
♪ tense music ♪
***
[gunshots]
Frag out.
[grenade clacking]
[grunts]
***
Well...
our secret's out.
Yeah.
- We got to boogie.
- Yeah.
***
What the fuck?
[panting]
[Joe groans]
[laughing]
You a crazy motherfucker.
[Joe panting]
Is it bad?
She's done walking for the day.
Fuck. That's disappointing.
Boss! Twelve o'clock!
Twelve o'clock!
[gunshots]
[Joe]
Covering fire!
[gunfire]
Fuck!
It's the whole fucking outpost!
[indistinct shouting]
[Joe]
Reload!
[Tex]
[gunfire]
[Bobby]
Reload!
[gunfire continues]
[groans]
Up here, up here, up here!
[panting]
Police your ammo!
- Let them get in close!
- [Cody] Hey.
Hey. We can't stay here.
We got to move uphill.
Uphill. Let's move.
[Joe]
Night one,
this is Sword three-two.
ETA on CAS.
- [panting]
- [Night One] Five minutes.
[gunfire continues]
[Hollar]
They're moving to flank.
- I can see that.
- Air support's five out.
They're moving to flank.
You got eight live bodies
and a downed helo.
[Mason]
We need to call the president.
The mission
is collapsing around us.
We need to call the president.
Call him.
Incoming!
♪ slow, somber music ♪
Here it comes.
***
[panting]
Do you have your pistol
with you?
Yes, ma'am.
Save it for us.
[sniffles]
Know what I mean?
I do.
[quietly]
I love you.
[cries softly]
[grunting]
Reload.
[grunts]
Bobby! I got you.
- Goddamn it!
- Reload!
Fuck, I'm out.
Reload.
[screaming]
♪ tense, eerie music ♪
***
[distorted grunting]
[high-pitched whooshing]
♪ soaring, hopeful music ♪
***
Thank God.
Nick of time, Admiral.
Nick of time still counts, sir.
- Sure does.
- [door opens]
- [aide] Sir.
- Hmm?
Your office has Ambassador Feng
and the Islamic envoy
in Pakistan holding for you.
Really? Okay.
You want to take
those calls here?
No.
Let them stew.
[chuckles]
***
[doctor] All right, everybody,
listen up. Patient one:
compound fracture, left tib-fib.
- [medic] Lay back.
- I ain't laying back.
Lay the fuck back. We can't
move you till you lay back.
Just get me off
this motherfucker!
[medic]
GSW, right thigh.
It's arterial. Tourniquet.
Patient two: GSW in abdomen.
Patient three:
GSW, arterial, left thigh,
right shoulder.
- [panting]
- [Bobby] Joe.
- I-I--
- [Joe] Don't talk to me.
- Go see a doctor. Go.
- That was pretty skinny
this time, boss.
♪ slow, eerie music ♪
***
- You good?
- [Tex] Think I broke
my fucking finger. I can't
figure out how I did that shit.
[exhales]
We got to stop meeting this way.
That would be refreshing.
- Got a little nutty, huh?
- Yeah.
Hey, stay with your people,
all right?
I'll start this debrief.
[exhales]
[Cody J.]
Ah, look who it is.
I guess we're even.
We were already even.
Now you owe me.
All right.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
***
[sighs]
If I had a family, kids...
I would've sent a missile.
[softly]
No.
You wouldn't.
Thank you.
[exhales]
***
[medic echoes]
Arm down.
***
[sobbing]
[sniffles]
♪ slow, dramatic music ♪
***
[seat belt clicks]
[Neal] Wasn't sure
you were coming home.
I wasn't sure I still had one
to come home to.
Joe, you always have one
***
[Neal]
Look who's home.
[Charlie]
Mom? Is that you?
- [Kate] Mom?
- [Joe] Baby. Ugh.
- I missed you guys.
- [laughter]
***